Apple Curry Turkey Pita

This is great for turkey leftovers. Simple, quick and flavorful. This is a good one for substitutions too. I've used white wine in place of lemon, sour cream in place of yogurt, chicken in place of turkey and Indian naan in place of the pita. Enjoy!

Prep:
10 mins
Cook:
10 mins
Total:
20 mins
Servings:
3
Yield:
3 servings

Ingredients
½ tablespoon and ½ teaspoon olive oil

¼ cup and 1 tablespoon and 1 teaspoons sliced onion

½ tablespoon and ½ teaspoon lemon juice

.17 pound cooked turkey, cut into chunks

1 teaspoons curry powder, or to taste

⅓ medium apple, cored and thinly sliced

1 pita bread rounds

2 ½ tablespoons and ½ teaspoon plain yogurt

DirectionsInstructions Checklist
Step 1
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in onion and lemon juice. Cook until onion is tender. Mix in turkey, season with curry powder and continue cooking until heated through.

Step 2
Remove from heat. Stir in apple. Stuff pitas with the mixture. Drizzle with yogurt to serve.



Cardamom Maple Salmon

I am a salmon lover. This is a great recipe for a slightly exotic flavor of Indian inspiration with a maple twist. The flavor is exceptional, delicious, and unique. Orange zest may be added for an extra flavor twist.

Prep:
15 mins
Cook:
10 mins
Total:
25 mins
Servings:
6
Yield:
6 servings

Ingredients

½ tablespoon salt

1 teaspoons paprika

1 teaspoons ground cardamom

1 teaspoons ground coriander

½ teaspoon ground black pepper

¼ cup grapeseed oil

2 tablespoons maple syrup

1 (2 pound) salmon fillet, cut into 3-inch pieces

DirectionsInstructions Checklist
Step 1
Stir salt, paprika, cardamom, coriander, and black pepper together in a bowl. Add oil and maple syrup and stir until evenly combined.

Step 2
Preheat a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat, about 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).

Step 3
Dredge salmon pieces through the maple syrup mixture until evenly coated on all sides.

Step 4
Cook salmon in the preheated pan until fish flakes easily with a fork, 5 to 7 minutes per side.
